fix(logging): log rule name or file name with log entries (#439)
boc-tothefuture/openhab-jruby: docs/usage/misc/logging.md

# Logging

Logging is available everywhere through the logger object. 

> Logging placed outside of a rule will have the name of the file appened to the logger name. The following entries are in a file named 'log_test'

Reviewer: Sorry I didn't see this earlier.
```suggestion
Logging placed outside of a rule will have the name of the file appened to the logger name. The following entries are in a file named 'log_test.rb'
```
